[DOCS] Github style markdown causes issues during upgrade (#1268)
elastic/security-docs: docs/release-notes/7.15.asciidoc

* Adds the `Responses` field to telemetry ({pull}111892[#111892]).
* Fixes issues with the pagination on the Exceptions table ({pull}111000[#111000]).
* Fixes a bug that caused empty comments to display in an endpoint's activity log ({pull}111163[#111163]).

[discrete]
[[known-issue-7.15.0]]
==== Known issues

> * Case comments containing https://github.github.com/gfm/#what-is-github-flavored-markdown[GitHub Flavored Markdown (GFM)] will cause migrations to fail when upgrading to 7.150 or later. To prevent this, remove GFM from the case comment before upgrading ({pull}1195093[#119509]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Case comments containing https://github.github.com/gfm/#what-is-github-flavored-markdown[GitHub Flavored Markdown (GFM)] will cause migrations to fail when upgrading to {stack} version 7.15.0 or later. To prevent this, remove GFM from the case comment before upgrading ({pull}1195093[#119509]).
```

> * Case comments containing https://github.github.com/gfm/#what-is-github-flavored-markdown-[GitHub Flavored Markdown (GFM)] will cause migrations to fail when upgrading to {stack} version 7.15.0 or later. To prevent this, remove GFM from the case comment before upgrading ({pull}1195093[#119509]).

Reviewer 2: I think there's an extra `3` in the issue link `({pull}1195093[#119509]).` When I navigate to it, it takes me to a 404 page. I think `119509` is what we want.

Author: Yes, removing that now. It should be pointing to https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/119509. Thanks!
